Israel, Hod HaSharon
Hourly
DESCRIPTION
About ThetaRay:
ThetaRay is a trailblazer in AI-powered Anti-Money Laundering (AML) solutions, offering cutting-edge technology to fintechs, banks, and regulatory bodies worldwide. Our mission is to enhance trust in financial transactions, ensuring compliant and innovative business growth.
Thetaray is a culture-driven company. Our values are at the heart of our success. By joining us, you'll have the opportunity to embody these values and inspire others through your actions.
Our technology empowers customers to expand into new markets and introduce groundbreaking products.
Why Join ThetaRay?
At ThetaRay, you'll be part of a dynamic global team committed to redefining the financial services sector through technological innovation. You will contribute to creating safer financial environments and have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest minds in AI, ML, and financial technology. We offer a collaborative, inclusive, and forward-thinking work environment where your ideas and contributions are valued and encouraged.
Join us in our mission to revolutionize the financial world, making it safer and more trustworthy for millions worldwide. Explore exciting career opportunities at ThetaRay – where innovation meets purpose.
We are looking for a RevOps Analyst student, for a part-time position to join our team. As a RevOps Analyst, you will be responsible for conducting comprehensive market research and analysis to identify potential leads and business opportunities. Your primary objective will be to gather accurate and up-to-date information on potential customers and business prospects while maintaining the precision and reliability of our lead data.
Responsibilities:
Conduct in-depth market research to identify potential customers, and market trends based on business models, use cases, and demographic characteristics.
Utilize various research methodologies and tools to collect and analyze data.
Develop and uphold an extensive lead database, guaranteeing the aprecision and reliability of data within all CRM systems.
Present research findings and reports to stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.
Developing & maintaining a deep understanding of our target audiences, their needs, goals, passions, and expectations and disseminating this knowledge throughout the business.
Deliver analysis on post-target leads analysis including reports dashboard to management and peer groups as requested.
REQUIREMENTS


Bachelor's in business, economics, or other equivalent degree.
Availability for at least a 50% position
Experience working with CRM tools- a big advantage
Strong analytical skills and proficient project management abilities.
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Highly organized with great attention to detail and a data-oriented mindset.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.
Proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint.
